This video shows a confrontation between
an ICE agent and a driver in Shakopee on
Sunday after the agent accused the
driver of following officers. Listen
carefully.
[Music]
Also on Sunday, another driver, this one
in Minneapolis, got into it with another
ICE agent. That agent accused the driver
of getting in the way.
For what?
Following us. You are impeding
operations. This is the United States
federal government. over here. I got to
get to my kids. This is your warning. I
guarantee you're not going to like the
outcome. Go home to your children. It's
Sunday.
Yeah, go exactly. Let people go to
church. learn from what just happened?
Go home to your kids. And on Friday in
St. Louis Park, a driver who claims to
have stopped after seeing a crash
between an ICE vehicle and a car in
front of her also clashed with an agent.
He asked her if she's learned anything,
an apparent reference to Renee Good's
killing. Shame on you. Listen.
Have y'all not learned from the past
couple of days?
Have you not learned? Learned what?
What's our lesson here? What do you want
us to learn?
>> Following federal agents. Give me my
phone back.